OK so now we have the translation enter set up.
So whenever we add an element we're getting that transition.
So we want to do the same thing but the opposite.
We win whenever we remove an element we want to get that fading transition with the cars.
Or maybe just do something else right now.
If I inspect this on the console it is giving us a failed prop transmission.
Leave a timeout wasn't supplied.
And this is the giving of this error because we have transition enter but we can have the opposite of
that which is transitional leave are going to go right here.
Just let me bring this down.
I'm going to go right here and see swoosh since we have the transmission enter.
We pretty much do the same thing.
Going to say transition and then instead of enter is going to be the transition of just like we did
with transmission enter.
We need to activate this one.
So it's going to be true.
OK.
Then again just like your incision enter time out we need to do the same thing is going to be transition
Antar time out.
Oh sorry transmission.
Leave him in mistake right here.
Transition.
Leave.
And again just time out.
Well some day.
OK.
Now the transition time out again we use 500 just 500 milliseconds.
Something simple if I add an element we get transmission if I remove it it's going to do it.
It's going to take 500 seconds.
But there is no animation.
We need to give the as you said this up inside the CSX just like the basic answer.
Whenever we are entering with an element whenever an element an element it's entering on the screen
we just do the same thing.
We have to set the same options whenever an element leaves in a react instead of doing something we'd
enter is going to add a class just a dash and leave.
So I'm going to go right here.
I'm going to say basic dash and leave.
All right.
Just make sense.
Now the background for this going it just change the color.
It's going to be background and it's going to be again the one we are using right here.
It's going to be abstract.
And then just the default color right now.
Again just like before with the basic answer we can have a basic leave and a basic leave active.
Same idea.
It's always the same the same the same motion the same ideas.
OK so I'm going to go and say basic Dorsch leave and then dog that basic Dasch leave and then active.
So right here we want to change the color to this darker blue.
Put it right here.
And then again we want to do the transmission all again.
So you know if you check this code this is pretty much the same.
So it's you always going to end up copying and pasting.
OK that's good.
So I'm going to reload the page again to add an element and we get the precision.
If we move it we get the transition as well.
It's just giving that Connor and doing it all right.
So this is working now I'm going to I'm going to just add some things because you know it's just changing
the color and it's not fun at all.
So when I'm going to do.
I'm going to go to the active and I'm going to add a transform so we can see some translating right
here.
So I'm going to say translate and then just X you can move it on the x axis.
It's going to be minus 100 and it's just 100 percent going to just move it all going to reload the page.
Mr. semicon.
OK that's good.
So again I'm going to add an element works and if I remove it.
Right.
So that's nice.
Go again and Edelman's that works.
If remove it it's going to work just fine.
OK.
So we have one more thing I want to cover right now before we move to the next section and go back to
the basic And OK we have this transition.
Enter.
So it's the options whenever they option whenever an item enters the screen.
We have the transitional leave whenever an item it's leaving the screen.
But the thing is that what happens if I want to animate everything whenever the page loads.
So we have that option and it's going to be called Transition appear.
You have to enter leave and we have a pier going to go right here and are going to say transition and
then appear just like that.
And again we need to set this to true just like we did with the other ones.
And here again we need to set the transmission of pier time out.
So there's going to be transition appear.
And then time out.
Right.
And this is going to be again 500.
OK.
And again same idea with the CSSA.
I'm going to go right here and I'm going to go just on top and we're going to do dot basic.
And the option instead of enter and instead of leave again it's going to be a.
OK.
So I want to give an Apache to everything.
So I'm going to say opacity and it's going to be zero Kumo one something really simple.
Right.
So again we need to set the second state which is going to be the active one.
So I'm going to say Dot basic appear donnish.
Oh sorry.
Basic appear the dot and basic Dot and Dash appear dash active just the same idea and begin to give
an A pass city of one so we can view it on the screen and begin to give a transmission.
So it's going to be transition and that you are going to be using the capacity.
We're going to say capacity.
And then it's going to be docked five seconds or whatever and there's going to be is in them.
All right.
So let me reload the page and you can see that you're getting that effect.
Whenever the elements are appearing on the screen begin to trigger this animation right.
So there was one.
OK.
Let's go to the next section and we're going to do something else with the other transitions.